Update ephemeral environment docs with automatic deployments (#2871)
OctopusDeploy/docs: src/pages/docs/projects/ephemeral-environments/index.md

Give your parent environment a recognizable name that describes what you intend to use ephemeral environments for. Examples might include "Pull request environments" or "Test environments".
:::

### Auto Deploy

> With ephemeral environments, you can choose to automatically deploy a release to the environment when it is created. This can help to streamline your workflows by reducing the number of manual steps required to get your changes deployed.

Reviewer: The "...deploy a release to _the_ environment..." bit feels like it could be a bit confusing, which environment are we referring to? Might need to be a bit more verbose with the way we describe this, maybe picking up some of the way it was previously written might help...here's an attempt:

```suggestion
You can choose to automatically deploy releases to ephemeral environments when they created. This can help to streamline your workflows by reducing the number of manual steps required to get your changes deployed.

When auto deployment is configured, Octopus will automatically create a new ephemeral environment for you from releases in your project. The name of each environment can be configured using an Environment Name Template. Templates support the same powerful syntax as Variables. Any [system variable for a release](/docs/projects/variables/system-variables#release) can be used as part of the template.

When auto deployment is not configured, you need to manually create ephemeral environments and deploy releases to them. You can do this using the Octopus Portal, API and CLI.
```

Support for providing custom fields is not yet available in the Octopus CLI.
:::

### Manually

> If manual deployments is selected, ephemeral environments can be created manually from the Ephemeral Environments page within the project.

Author: Updated

To create an ephemeral environment manually:
- Select **Add Ephemeral Environment** from the Ephemeral Environments page.
- Enter a name for the environment.

> The environment will now be created in the Not Provisioned state, ready to be provisioned and deployed to. Provisioning will be performed automatically by the configured runbook when the environment is deployed to.

Author: Updated

## Updating an existing environment

### Automatic Deployments

> Create another release that results in the same environment name based on the environment name template.

Reviewer: It's implied that we'll automatically deploy the release, but prob still good to include the explicit text I think to make it super clear what will happen.

```suggestion
Create another release that results in the same environment name based on the environment name template. The release will be automatically deployed into the environment.
```

### Manual Deployments

> Create a new release and select the environment to deploy to.

Reviewer 2: Maybe something like: 

Create another release and if the environment name template resolves to the same name, Octopus reuses that environment and deploys the new release to it. @geofflamrock

### Automatic deprovisioning of environments

> 

Reviewer: Oops, good pickup, thanks!
